media/codec2/hidl/1.0/vts/functional/common/README.md, before:

## Codec2 Hal @ 1.0 tests ##
---
#### master :
Functionality of master is to enumerate all the Codec2 components available in C2 media service.

usage: MtsHidlC2V1\_0TargetMasterTest -I software

#### component :
Functionality of component is to test common functionality across all the Codec2 components available in C2 media service. For a standard C2 component, these tests are expected to pass.

usage: MtsHidlC2V1\_0TargetComponentTest -I software -C <comp name>

#### audio :
Functionality of audio test is to validate audio specific functionality Codec2 components. The resource files for this test are taken from hardware/interfaces/media/res. The path to these files on the device is required to be given for bitstream tests.

usage: MtsHidlC2V1\_0TargetAudioDecTest -I software -C <comp name> -P /sdcard/media

#### video :
Functionality of video test is to validate video specific functionality Codec2 components. The resource files for this test are taken from hardware/interfaces/media/res. The path to these files on the device is required to be given for bitstream tests.

usage: MtsHidlC2V1\_0TargetVideoDecTest -I software -C <comp name> -P /sdcard/media

Commit message:

codec2: Allow all component names in VTS
Test: VtsHidlC2V1_0TargetVideoDecTest -I default -C c2.qti.avc.decoder -P /sdcard/res/
Test: VtsHidlC2V1_0TargetVideoEncTest -I default -C c2.qti.avc.encoder -P /sdcard/res/

Bug: 131905215
Change-Id: I8bbdff7b53778ed4e21e7c598363591b07eb5f60

media/codec2/hidl/1.0/vts/functional/common/README.md, after:

## Codec2 VTS Hal @ 1.0 tests ##
---
#### master :
Functionality of master is to enumerate all the Codec2 components available in C2 media service.

usage: VtsHidlC2V1\_0TargetMasterTest -I default

#### component :
Functionality of component test is to validate common functionality across all the Codec2 components available in C2 media service. For a standard C2 component, these tests are expected to pass.

usage: VtsHidlC2V1\_0TargetComponentTest -I software -C <comp name>
example: VtsHidlC2V1\_0TargetComponentTest -I software -C c2.android.vorbis.decoder

#### audio :
Functionality of audio test is to validate audio specific functionality Codec2 components. The resource files for this test are taken from media/codec2/hidl/1.0/vts/functional/res. The path to these files on the device is required to be given for bitstream tests.

usage: VtsHidlC2V1\_0TargetAudioDecTest -I default -C <comp name> -P /sdcard/res/
usage: VtsHidlC2V1\_0TargetAudioEncTest -I software -C <comp name> -P /sdcard/res/

example: VtsHidlC2V1\_0TargetAudioDecTest -I software -C c2.android.flac.decoder -P /sdcard/res/
example: VtsHidlC2V1\_0TargetAudioEncTest -I software -C c2.android.opus.encoder -P /sdcard/res/

#### video :
Functionality of video test is to validate video specific functionality Codec2 components. The resource files for this test are taken from media/codec2/hidl/1.0/vts/functional/res. The path to these files on the device is required to be given for bitstream tests.

usage: VtsHidlC2V1\_0TargetVideoDecTest -I default -C <comp name> -P /sdcard/res/
usage: VtsHidlC2V1\_0TargetVideoEncTest -I software -C <comp name> -P /sdcard/res/

example: VtsHidlC2V1\_0TargetVideoDecTest -I software -C c2.android.avc.decoder -P /sdcard/res/
example: VtsHidlC2V1\_0TargetVideoEncTest -I software -C c2.android.vp9.encoder -P /sdcard/res/
